have you ever dreamed of going to
Stanford University on this campus crowd
we're gonna find out what it's really
like inside one of the hardest
universities to get into in the United
States let's go oh my god that's amazing
as soon as you walk through the oval you
enter the main quad at Stanford and
right behind me is a most iconic
building a Stanford called the Memorial
Church look at that
that painting is the most vivid painting
I've ever seen at any University this
isn't like a religious school per se
because now this church is like an
all-inclusive all religion Church not
just Christianity walking along the quad
you might notice why are there numbers
on the floor 92 93 94 95 all the way to
the early 2000 late 2000s it's actually
because each one of these very
underneath is a time capsule of the
graduating class so the one question I
have is when are they actually gonna dig
it up I want to see what they're bearing
in there that's this year so the quad is
in the dead center of Stanford campus
and all around me our classroom dorms so
let's go this way and check out the
engineering buildings this is the
biggest major at Stanford
we've now arrived at the Engineering
Center let me show you the nicest
classroom on Stanford campus as we enter
the engineering building this is the
nvidia auditorium it's kind of like a
classroom nice lecture hall what is
interesting here is look at these 4k
cameras right above it's actually
because Stanford records a lot of their
classes so you can go to class X online
and search for an archive of past
Stanford lectures
the thing about Stanford is like I've
noticed that they care a lot about the
engineering and the computer science
faculties and they put a lot of funding
into this as we were walking around
outside there's like so many research
centers it's insane if we walk over here
I think the teacher actually left a note
for us subscribe to half ooh whoa yeah
ma I might do that right now you should
to listen to the teachers but this next
place we're checking out is nothing like
you've ever seen before so let's go
right behind me is the Hoover tower the
tallest building on Stanford campus
because everything is like super flat
here but what do students do when
they're not studying in the summer let's
go find out over there Steph has a
really unique tradition it's called
fountain hopping so during the summers
when it's hot people just jump from
fountain to fountain as if it was a
swimming pool how cool is that
all right we're gonna become a Stanford
student quite a hot day today so I think
this will be refreshing
are you ready it's gonna be cold
Oh oh man my pants go away Oh feels nice
though it's refreshing next all right
here we go again
oh my god this is so much deeper than
the other one oh my god did you guys all
go in how many did you go to four nice
hey join you guys
oh the Stanford campus what was your
first impression of it it's huge like
you have to bike everywhere everyone has
bikes Student Life there isn't much to
do around here in the middle of nowhere
it's in the middle of nowhere but if you
go up like 30 minutes you know San
Francisco Oakland the Bay Area do you
think Stanford life is more focused on
studying then oh definitely yeah you'll
see people like doing work everywhere
you go like even outside which is nice
we have a lot of green areas pull out
your laptop do work nice right off the
quad is the green library this is the
main library at Stanford University
inside is beautiful but in order to get
in you need to register for a Guest Pass
inside as you walk up the Marvel stairs
you'll see a display it changes all the
time but right now it is the Leonardo's
library you can see of Leonardo's
drawings and his notebook if you head to
the right it's West stacks this is 7
floors of books all the books you could
ever imagine can be found here the
reading room is to the left this is a
nice show area with big-ass bright
windows and a nice chill and quiet spot
to study walking along the Stanford
campus it gives me that beachy feel this
legit looks like a beat freeze or man
look at these palm trees and these
buildings they look like a hotel but you
know like studying here probably doesn't
feel like a beach resort because they
weren't so focused on research or their
academics sports is a big part of
Stanford College
as you can see behind me is a tennis
match oh I actually got to show you the
trophy room later because apparently
they have the most trophies out of any
University but if we pan around we can
see that's the cops track and field and
if we walk a little bit back there is
the Stanford Stadium it's actually where
the big game is held the annual big game
between Stanford and UC Berkeley the
school gets together and cheers for the
Stanford Cardinal go Cardinals
[Music]
we're now entering the coolest place on
Stanford campus this is a home of
Champions
behind me are all the trophies Stanford
has won look at this they have won
trophies for swimming basketball
football tennis every big sport is in
this building as we climb the steps at
the very top place the championship cup
for all sports in the d1 division this
means Stanford won the most
championships in all universities across
in the year 2017 to 2008 this is a
definition of
go Cardinals where the Stanford
basketball courts let's make a deal if I
give this in one shot you subscribe and
turn on notifications hit that subscribe
button we're at one of the best lookout
points on Stanford campus this is on top
of the Arts Building and behind me you
can see the Hoover tower but you can
also see off Stanford campus before we
go to the last place which is my
favorite place on campus I have
something really important to tell you
this trip is completely sponsored by the
company called bullseye you can check
them out at join bullseye comm slash
free session it's linked in the
description so if you're thinking about
applying to Stanford Harvard MIT or any
of the other campus crawl of schools we
visited you definitely need to check
them out because they can increase your
chances of getting accepted into these
really competitive schools on the
website you can type in the schools
you're applying to when you click into
it it will tell you all the requirements
all the essay questions it will make
sure you never miss a deadline because I
know a lot of you leave things on to the
last minute but the best part is you can
actually get your college essays
reviewed by advisors who are recent
graduates from the schools you're
applying to so if you're applying to
college soon click the link in the
description join bullseye comm slash
free session to claim your first free 20
minute session with an advisor you can
ask them for some advice how to frame
yourself in your essays things like that
they will help you get into these
schools for free so click that link now
and let's go visit the last place come
on we're now inside the Memorial Church
it's quite impressive I gotta say
everything is so meticulously crafted
and the ceiling here it's extremely high
making this church feel a lot bigger
than it looks
so the art working here is actually made
of tiny little tiles so if you look very
closely you will realize how much work
went into making this place look as
stunning as its come into this church it
immediately gave me a sense of ease and
calmness maybe it's our lighting maybe
it's a fact that it's so quiet or maybe
it's the fact that the ceiling is so
tall I said I'm going up to the sky
absolutely stunning
before you leave Stanford University you
definitely got to check out the merch
store it's one of the biggest I've seen
with a nice selection of hats and
hoodies and t-shirts and everything you
want but the weirdest thing I found in
there is definitely their mascot it's a
tree with eyes and mouth why Stanford
this thing is so creepy it's probably
gonna haunt me in my dreams well if you
enjoyed this episode of Stanford campus
crawl click right here to subscribe and
click here to watch another video and
click here to watch another video my
name is half ago and I'll see you next
time peace